markdowns/home.md, before:

# Students' Week 2025

## Schedule

| Date     | Time                | Event                    |
| -------- | ------------------- | ------------------------ |
| 7th Jan  | 2:00 PM             | Quiz                     |
| 8th Jan  | 2:00 PM             | Extempore                |
|          | 11:00 AM            | Table Tennis             |
| 9th Jan  | 11:00 AM            | Table Tennis Finals      |
|          | 2:00 PM             | Debate                   |
| 10th Jan | 11:00 AM            | Rubik's Cube Solve       |
|          | 12:30 PM to 1:30 PM | Spell Bee                |
|          | 2:00 PM to 4:00 PM  | Sit and Draw Competition |
| 11th Jan | 11:00 AM            | Badminton                |
| 13th Jan | 11:00 AM to 1:00 PM | Singing Competition      |
|          | 1:30 PM onwards     | Dance Competition        |
| 15th Jan | 11:00 AM onwards    | Debate                   |
|          | 2:00 PM onwards     | Prize Distribution       |

---

## Rules

> **Note**: Rules for events not mentioned here will be stated on the spot.

### Extempore

1. There will be a pool of topics.
2. Participants can pick three topics and must choose one.
3. **Time Limit**: 3 minutes to prepare + 1 minute to conclude = 4 minutes.

### Sit and Draw

1. Only drawing paper will be provided.
2. **Time Limit**: 2 hours 30 minutes.

### Singing

1. Instruments or karaoke are allowed.
2. **Time Limit**:
   - Solo: 5 minutes
   - Group: 8 minutes

### Dance

1. For Solo or Duo performances, backtracks must be submitted in advance with the participants' names.
2. **Time Limit**: 5 minutes.

### Photography

1. The theme will be announced on the day of commencement of Students' Week.

### Creative Writing

1. The theme will be announced on the day of commencement of Students' Week.

Commit message:

Soura: Update home.md: Dancing Info - Add drive folder

markdowns/home.md, after:

# Students' Week 2025

## Schedule

| Date     | Time                | Event                    |
| -------- | ------------------- | ------------------------ |
| 7th Jan  | 2:00 PM             | Quiz                     |
| 8th Jan  | 2:00 PM             | Extempore                |
|          | 11:00 AM            | Table Tennis             |
| 9th Jan  | 11:00 AM            | Table Tennis Finals      |
|          | 2:00 PM             | Debate                   |
| 10th Jan | 11:00 AM            | Rubik's Cube Solve       |
|          | 12:30 PM to 1:30 PM | Spell Bee                |
|          | 2:00 PM to 4:00 PM  | Sit and Draw Competition |
| 11th Jan | 11:00 AM            | Badminton                |
| 13th Jan | 11:00 AM to 1:00 PM | Singing Competition      |
|          | 1:30 PM onwards     | Dance Competition        |
| 15th Jan | 11:00 AM onwards    | Debate                   |
|          | 2:00 PM onwards     | Prize Distribution       |

---

## Rules

> **Note**: Rules for events not mentioned here will be stated on the spot.

### Extempore

1. There will be a pool of topics.
2. Participants can pick three topics and must choose one.
3. **Time Limit**: 3 minutes to prepare + 1 minute to conclude = 4 minutes.

### Sit and Draw

1. Only drawing paper will be provided.
2. **Time Limit**: 2 hours 30 minutes.

### Singing

1. Instruments or karaoke are allowed.
2. **Time Limit**:
   - Solo: 5 minutes
   - Group: 8 minutes

### Dance

1. For Solo or Duo performances, backtracks must be submitted in advance with the participants' names.
2. File Name should be in this format: {TeamName}_{LeadMemberName}.mp3.
3. Link of the folder for the uploading: [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1hW3mRFd8cDYD1MtF-_Ou3Dvp8kVznAhG?usp=sharing)
4. If it is a youtube video, please download the mp3 and submit it. Paste the video link in this [Handy Converter](https://ytmp3.la/B0Q9/)
5. **Time Limit**: 5 minutes.

### Photography

1. The theme will be announced on the day of commencement of Students' Week.

### Creative Writing

1. The theme will be announced on the day of commencement of Students' Week.
